c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\bin\Debug\ThirdStep.exe.config
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\bin\Debug\ThirdStep.exe
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\bin\Debug\ThirdStep.pdb
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\bin\Debug\ThirdStep.xml
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\bin\Debug\Interop.JVDTLabLib.dll
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\bin\Debug\AxInterop.JVDTLabLib.dll
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\obj\Debug\ThirdStep.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\obj\Debug\Interop.JVDTLabLib.dll
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\obj\Debug\AxInterop.JVDTLabLib.dll
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\obj\Debug\ThirdStep.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\obj\Debug\ThirdStep.Resources.resources
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\obj\Debug\ThirdStep.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\obj\Debug\ThirdStep.exe
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\obj\Debug\ThirdStep.xml
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\obj\Debug\ThirdStep.pdb
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\obj\Debug\ThirdStep.getData.resources
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\bin\Debug\ThirdStep.exe.manifest
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\bin\Debug\ThirdStep.application
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\obj\Debug\ThirdStep.exe.manifest
c:\users\nobuhiko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThirdStep\ThirdStep\obj\Debug\ThirdStep.application
